one of the movies a lot of people did
see this year was frozen frozen won Best
Animated Feature tonight frozen of
course is the true story of every actor
in Hollywood's forehead something called
mystery you blow won Best Animated Short
which that has to be a joke right that's
not it's like a name you'd call into an
airport or something you know
paging mr. you blow by the way they move
that category off the TV broadcast the
two French guys who won went on and on
and I say if your category has the word
short in it
your speech should not be allowed to go
longer than 15 seconds it's just the
wolf of Wall Street it did not have a
great night tonight it's a good movie
though if you haven't seen it yet it's
still in theaters it's a true story
about a group of crooked stockbrokers
who are so over the top it's almost
cartoonish in fact the only way that
story could have been more cartoonish is
if it was an actual cartoon so what we
did is we took the audio from the wolf
of Wall Street and we combined it with
video from another oscar-nominated film
this one in the animated category and
the results are thus I gotta say I'm
incredibly excited to be a part firm the
clients you have are absolutely the
clients name of the game move the money
from your clients pocket into your
pocket right key to success in this
Raffin is cocaine they'll keep you shot
between the ears miss Diana we were able
to do drugs during the day and still
functions he'll do your job you do this
job
cocaine didn't hook there's my friend
the pain is believing minions